# raintweets
What is the correlation between rainfall and tweets containing the word RAIN

## A trivial day for Rain and Twitter correlation
On Friday 25 October I woke up with the sweet sound of rain on our corrugated roof. Like anyone who has lived through the real threat of “day zero” where Cape Town’s taps would run dry, rain will forever be a life-giving blessing. Later, sitting on the front porch with my morning coffee the sweet sound had evolved into a deafening sound of a cold shower of water bucketing down.  I don my rain coat and old tekkies and check the normally soothing mountain stream bordering our garden - it has quadrupled in size, breaking the bank on the far side – our bedroom still safe from any flooding – for now.  Thirty minutes later this has changed, with rain still beating down, the stream breaks bank on the near side transforming our back garden into an ankle-deep muddy pool.  I give up any illusions of staying dry under my raincoat.  Clearing the water outlet on the back wall from rotting oak leaves and earthworm sand with a clumsy shovel, the water starts draining, into the road on the one side and back into the stream on the other, but not quite at the same volume water is filling up the backyard mud pool.  I leave the shovel, snap a few pictures and share it.  Drenched, clutching my cold coffee mug, I watch the river, willing it to slow down.  It somehow responds and slowly, over an hour, the water subsides.  By mid-morning the rain is still sifting down, but the garden stream is back within its confined banks and I have had a warm shower. 
